Okay.
So in this lesson, we're going to use test driven development to create a new mutation.
The responsibility of our new mutation will be to receive an array of jobs and overwrite the existing
jobs data property.
So our goal is that this mutation is going to be run once we've received the API response of the jobs
in our view, action.
Now we have not yet written that asynchronous action, but that doesn't matter because we can still
write the mutation.
We can still write the actual function or method that's going to overwrite the view, text or state
before we write the action that's going to commit that mutation.
So right here in my corresponding test file index, that test that Jess inside my mutations block I'm
going to add a new describe and let's call our new mutation receive jobs.
That's exactly what it's going to do.
It's going to receive an array of jobs and save it to the view, text or state.
So what is this mutation going to do?
It receives jobs from API response.
Now I can make an argument that the mutation doesn't really care where it's getting the jobs from so
we can consolidate this to it receives jobs and that makes the mutation kind of oblivious and not caring
about this detail.
But at the same time, I think for other developers and for product managers, for example, if they're
reading through this test suite, it might provide a little bit more context to explain to them that
not only is this an array of jobs, but this is really an array of jobs that are out expects to receive
from an API from hitting an end point.
Right.
There's no logic in here that's going to be related to making the API call, but it does provide some
higher level information about where all these pieces fit together.
So moving on to the test, we're going to begin with our state and we're going to have a very similar
shape to what we have on the left hand side.
So we're going to have a jobs property set to an empty array.
And of course, our expectation is when we run the mutation, we want this jobs property to be updated
to be our array of jobs.
It's right here on my imported mutations object.
I'm going to expect there's going to be a mutation called receive jobs.
It does not exist yet because we're using TDD, but that's fine.
We hope that it will exist.
And the first argument to any mutation method is always going to be our view X Store State.
Now this presents us with an interesting problem that we have not dealt with before, and that is how
can we provide additional arguments to our mutation methods?
The additional argument that we need right here is the actual array of jobs, right?
Because if we only provide the state, then how is you supposed to know what to overwrite this jobs
property with?
It doesn't have that new array of jobs.
So in order to provide additional arguments to a mutation, we simply provide them as additional parameters.
So right here, what I'm going to provide as my second argument is going to be an array of jobs.
So right here, I'm just going provide an array.
And furthermore, for this test, I don't really care about having full job objects with all those properties
like idea and title.
If anything, I think that's going to bloat the test and to test the fundamental responsibility that
this mutation is going to overwrite the jobs array.
I really just need an array of anything, right?
Because as long as I validate that jobs moves from being an empty array to whatever array I pass in
here, then I validated that that mutation is correctly overwriting that property.
So for now, I'm just going to say job one and job two.
As long as this is the array of jobs at the end of my mutation, then a mutation is doing its job.
It doesn't really matter what these things are.
In fact, they don't even need to be strings.
They can be whatever you want, right?
So my expectation is when I'm done running this mutation, if I check in on my state, I now expected
to equal an object with a jobs property that has been updated from being an empty array to being this
array right here.
And that by itself will validate that my mutation is doing exactly what it's supposed to do.
All right.
So just to reiterate what we learned here, whenever we invoke a mutation, the first argument must
always be that you store state.
That is non-negotiable.
That is part of how the View Library works.
However, any subsequent parameters, the second parameter, the third parameter, as many as we want,
that can be our own parameters and that can allow us to customize whatever we want to pass into the
mutation.
And the most common thing we're going to be passing into a mutation is, of course, the next piece
of data that we want to save to some piece of the View Store state.
So the mutation is going to need to know which property to overwrite, but what to override it with
is what we're typically going to pass in as the second parameter.
So right here, let's now make this test pass.
So we're going to first begin by defining a constant for our mutation name.
It's going to be called receive jobs.
And right here I'm going to provide the constant with a string with the same thing, the same value.
And of course, as a reminder, the reason we're doing this is so that we can reference these mutation
names whenever we are committing these mutations to the bookstore to ensure that we have no chance of
typos.
So right here, I'm going to provide my constant inside square brackets.
So we are creating a mutation method with that same name of receive jobs.
And here I define my parameter list.
And as we just mentioned, we're always going to.
You provide the state as the first parameter view acts will actually automatically pass in the current
store state as the first parameter automatically, but then the subsequent parameters are up to us.
So here, just like in our test, what we expect the parameter to be is our new array of jobs.
And later on, I'm going to show you how this works when we actually invoke the commit method on a store.
As a reminder, we invoke commit to issue imitation to the store.
We can pass the commit method additional arguments and you is going to relay them right here to be these
subsequent parameters.
After the book store state, we're going to show that commit syntax in just the lesson or two.
But for now, just realize the first parameter must always be the store state.
The subsequent parameters are up to us, and in this mutation we care about getting the array of jobs.
So all that's left to do, of course, is to reference the correct data property that we care about.
We want to overwrite the jobs property.
It starts out as an empty array.
We want to take the array of jobs we're going to receive here and overwrite our jobs, property and
the View Store State.
We're going to save this.
We're going to let our test run it and we see that everything passes.
So that validates that the mutation is doing its job, it is receiving the store state, it is receiving
the new array of jobs, and it is overwriting the correct property with that array.
All right.
So now we have our new slice of state and we have a way to modify it.
So the next thing we're going to do is wire up the asynchronous action that's going to make the API
request, get that array of jobs that commit this mutation, giving it the array of jobs that it has
already snatched from our mock backend in JSON, sir.
All right.
So lots of progress in this lesson and I will see you next.